How do you read binary text? I mean a text in the form of ones and zeros.
It seems impossible, but that is not so bad. It is not very useful, by the way.
Because why would you want to read binary? Well, you often binary text against ...
... among other things in complicated puzzles in reality games.
Now you can easily have such a binary text translated by an online decoder ...
... but it is useful, if you can do it yourself.
Let's start. ASCII text is limited to the simple alphabet, so A to Z.
That's because it was Americans who came up with the ASCII coding, the American Standard ...
... bla-bla 'code, which is now in Unicode. Even though they have limited themselves to their ...
... own language, they did it smartly.
A text file looks something like this. Start by dividing into pieces of eight bits.
After all, there are 8 bits in a Byte and every Byte represents a letter. So that's here ...
... and here and here. In a puzzle that partitioning is usually done ...
... so let's assume that.
Then you have to count binary. That is not hard:
Remember that you count in powers of 2. So this here is 1, then 2, the double of which is ...
... 4, then 8, then 16. Forget the first three digits, I'll get back to that later.
So we have a 2 and a 1. Add them up and you have 3.
Here you can see why the ASCII designers were so smart. Because if you are the first 3 ...
... omitting binary digits, then A stands for 1. B for 2. C for 3. And so on ...
... to the last letter of the alphabet. Capital letters start with 010, small letters with 011.
We go on. Here we have a 1, so that's simple, that's an A.
Here we have an 8, a 2 and a 1, that is 11 together and the eleventh letter of the alphabet is K.
It is useful to remember that. OK, we now have CAK and another mysterious ...
... fourth letter. You will not be surprised that it will be equal to 1 plus 4 ...
... is together 5. The fifth letter of the alphabet is E, so: cake.
What should I say? I did not have lunch!
There are still some tricks. Letters that seem difficult to calculate ...
... you can skip. By just doing the simple thing, you can usually quickly guess what the word is ...
... even if a few letters are missing. If the last five digits are all zero, like here ...
... then it is almost certainly a space. This is also useful for quick reading. Do not forget …
... when this was invented in the 1960s, computers were still primitive, certainly compared to ...
... the technology of today. Then you often had to do this work by hand. And not for games ...
but for business work! Bytes that start crazy, like with 001 ...
... are almost certainly a punctuation mark.
That is it. You have learned something again: reading binary text. With a little practice ...
… are you succeeding! I'm looking for a piece of cake!
Translation: Pictio.nl